# Meeting 23.6.2021
* Skype
* 15:15â€“15:30
* Rogier, Niko

## General

- Just summarizing the work being done now: metadata descriptions and titles are proofread and good, Niko will start to upload them to Nijmegen
- There are possibilities to add information such as transcription status, and we could maybe do that
- With Kielipankki everything is well in order, and having the same materials in TLA is not an issue, but administratively the versions are rather independent, which means that's our trouble
