# Meeting 11.10.2017
* Skype
* 15:00â€“16:00
* Micha, Rogier, Niko

## General

First topic discussed was Niko's dissertation. Michael and Rogier gave advices and information, and a new schedule was drafter, with the first deadline already in the end of this week. After this there will be new updates every second week.

Project's situation and the current work was being discussed, and Micha told about the things he had learned about new developments in the archiving world. It was decided that archiving to Nijmegen should be put on lesser focus at the moment.

Meeting time was changed to Wednesday 14:00-15:00.

Next week's meeting will take place in Freiburg as everyone is there for [SAALS 3: 3rd Saami Linguistics Symposium](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frias.uni-freiburg.de%2Fde%2Fveranstaltungen%2Ffrias-tagungen%2Fsaals-3-3rd-saami-linguistic-symposium&h=ATMSJ73mCBjn11ABmsphl3yhRin81LbE69lKVnOLc4E-k6g7fd-t3McP-p3Jz5fuhUsHL_QCl7yLfw77Z1VZU4Ozw3HvKrNMgMjXxXWYNz4fuKJ2HDxZs37d6KHTjiCeS3xnrlCmMX5msAqpacjfa1WoMrAES_xASUNeQmnsRC0U6ejpxuMa)
